Martin was nice extroverted guy who didn't impress me in the beginning of our 
interview because I found some of his comments egotistical, but later I was proved wrong. 
We had live coding assignment where he nicely commented on every decision, 
took step back and rethink hi designs, he was willing to accept feedback and in 
general had very nice attitude towards more skilled interviewers. 
From c# perspective I think he knows how to design classes and use interfaces, 
he basically knew and proved that he understands basics of OOP and C#, 
therefore I would asses him with score 4 in basic area, intermediate area 
I score with 3 points, because I saw him using LINQ and it was bit chaotic, 
some methods he used correctly so I assume he had experience with these. 
From advanced I assess him 2 points, because overall he proved that he understands 
assignments and he's able to work on them  alone to some degree. 
He showed that he's willing to learn and that he's looking for a new challenges in his work. 
Previously he worked on Web APIs so I find that positive in regards to accepting him 
into Idella's product suite. In general I assess him as a medior developer and in 
case he'd be accepted then give him goals to strengthen his design skills and 
database skills. We didn't get through NoSql databases, however he has experience with
SQL databases and has basic understanding - I would asses him 3 points in SQL area.
In cloud area I would asses him 3 points, because he has experience with Azure and 
has basic understanding of cloud concepts. In personal projects area I would asses him 
3 points, because he has experience with GitHub and has basic understanding of Git.
In last work project area I would asses him 3 points, because he has experience with 
React and has basic understanding of React.
In web development area I would asses him 4 points, because he has experience with REST APIs and 
has basic understanding of REST APIs.
In web SPA - Angular area I would asses him N/A, because he did have experience with Angular,
however this wasn't the main focus of our interview as we primarily focused on C#.